good strategy to advance in the military is difficult to nail down. There's
not any one specific strategy, but what I would say is give yourself
options. That's that's what I did. So I spent a lot of time wondering
whether I want to stay in or get out. And, um, but because
I wasn't sure I went ahead and did a few jobs that I knew the community
was going to see is valuable. And so I kept. I kept moving up in
the ranks and gaining positional authority, uh, and that I think, served
me well. If you don't do those jobs, then it's very easy for the
community to tell you, too, that you will not be selected for for
different types of promotion. But if you do, if you end up doing those
jobs, it makes it difficult for them to say no, because you have
the experience that they want and you have done the things that they
have asked. So it makes the decision perhaps somewhat harder. That's
best. The advice I would give a CE for strategy is concerned